[7745] Added playbook notes for `Adding a previous trainee for a former accredited provider (#4792)
DFE-Digital/register-trainee-teachers: docs/support_playbook.md

      - `create_trainees_from_apply`

Note: This process will import a fresh copy of the applicants' details and use them to create new records. This ensures that the system realigns with its normal mode of operation, correcting any issues caused by previously imported, potentially stale data.

### Adding a previous trainee for a former accredited provider

Given a lead provider and the former accredited provider is the same.
```ruby

lead_partner = LeadPartner.find(1363)

lead_partner.name == lead_partner.provider.name && lead_partner.provider.accredited? == false

trainee = Trainee.new(provider: lead_partner.provider, state: :draft)
```

> Create a `draft` trainee for `lead_partner.provider` and have support agent to liaise with the provider to ensure the the details are correct, and the dates are correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `draft` trainee for `lead_partner.provider` and ask the support agent to liaise with the provider to ensure that the details are correct, and the dates are correct.
```
